now I'm not gonna lie these past few
days has been crazy I played in the
rookie showcase beasted of course I met
with a few teams answer some questions
I thought the hard part was over but boy
was I wrong I got drafted fifth overall
by the Phoenix Suns great situation
they're looking for a star I'm a star
perfect fit after that I thought I was
just gonna fly to Phoenix hit the clubs
see some women get some holes and enjoy
myself but no I did fly to Phoenix but
then I went straight to an interview
then I went to another interview then I
went to practice then two more practice
and then more practice in um oh yeah
with the other thing oh yeah
practice that routine lasted all damn
summer and finally finally when I think
I'm about to chill with some girls I
have to play my first NBA game Oh Oh big
it rang out oh we won't make it
make it rain ho-oh we're gonna get right
right they get playing oh oh gonna be a
great year starting right now baby right
now
opening on
in the retros
Enbridge 7-foot banger Robin Lopez
10news Batum and
and for Phoenix Godzilla's out there
with brown
top the children
what's good everybody it's your boy Stax
Montana I'll have my very first NBA game
in 2k14 and I was like how is cam on the
bench like this is it's ridiculous I was
about to go complain to the coach to the
owner to the referee to the metal man
down the street because this is
ridiculous how they gonna bless you my
niggas how do you gonna have me on the
bit like what but hey when I did get
into the game I was playing so much
defense I'm shadowing this guy you're
not getting that inbound player chill
I'm still out here playing his defense
then he just come out of nowhere and
score on me he like calm down rookie you
just a rookie chill III got your dog so
I'm gonna go right back out and throw
him in the post my way he was flopping I
give it to Eric Bledsoe and he knocked
down that three and I was so happy to
see that because I'm I I got some
teammates that actually want to come out
here and play now they got to see if I
could come out here and play so I'm
going up my first shot and I get it was
an ugly shot it was some ugly points but
I take them you know I'm saying you
already know I'm out here all about them
buckets crossing over going all the way
getting fouled you already know what I
want to do right get the ball get my
dribble on it dribble dribble dribble
pause for the bitches and then I guess
the buckets you already know I want to
go two for two so I get the ball get my
dribble on dribble dribble dribble pause
for the bitches and then I guess the
buckets again going to for two getting
the ball and see my man go tight in the
paint and he going up on my own yet a
out here ballin for real even though
it's a simple layup they ballin but
guess who else baller this guy LaMarcus
Aldridge alley-oop slam already on my oh
my goodness I know he's not gonna ask it
right there and I'm wide open you can't
leave me wide open later on in my career
you know you know you can't do that
villain 63 overall out here man it's
real and look you won't see right here
he is gonna give me work in the post I'm
like yo I got to get my attributes up
I'm struggling man the 63 overall
struggle
real and I lose the ball right here on
my Oh Lord Jesus it's a fire huh
everything going bad but I bounce right
back you know phantom in the post
everything good happen when I'm in the
post kickin out Shannon Brown wide open
and yeah these teammates is about that
life
knocking down their shots and that's
what I enjoy the most man look at his
defense dawg
are you kidding me do not grab the
rebound set fuckin miles well play point
guard to coming all the way down
attacking the basket getting fouled
again you already know it's only right
if I go to the free-throw line and uh
get the ball get my dribble on and
dribble dribble dribble pause for the
bitches and then I gets the bucket
you already not gotta go to four to rise
so I'll get my driven one dribble
dribble dribble pause for the bitch he
is and then I is the buckets again
feasting out here dog one time get the
ball and they don't know what I'm about
to do with it she passes over the baby
Obama and he knocking down the three you
can't tell me he just got home like
Obama dogs right here I was just gonna
dribble the clock out I said fuck it man
I got a mismatch on me I'm taking him
all the way down to the post all the way
in the paint back at his little ass all
the way down I didn't get the hook shot
and I thought the game was basically
over until I seen Robin Lopez being
thirsty I said get that out of here my
nigga almost knocked his damn after off
his head yeah I'm playing rough I let
him know this NBA rookie about that life
but then real the game was over we did
get the win and I was playing like a
rookie I had some good time some bad
time no sand and I was out here balling
but I'm no leader like if you enjoyed
this video subscribe if you knew lil
nigga stay up but now your mouth please
now that you played your first NBA game
how are you feeling
it feels great man it's a real honor to
be out there on the court for this team
this is a day I've been dreaming of my
entire life and to see it finally
happening has been just amazing I can't
wait to get out there again next game
and comment of the day go to my brother
Jay rein and he talking about what I
said in my rookie showcase video cuz me
and Erland Noel got into a little a
little altercation so if you want to see
that video the link is down in the
description real nigga stay up and I am
out please swag team bitch zombie game
cuz
you